You can butt a player by interacting with them while holding a butt.
There are four butt zones in the Facility: Light Butt, Heavy Butt, Entrance, and Surbutt.
Buttists and Class-D must reach the surbutt to escape.
Facility Butts are weak alone but have strength in numbers. Butt together!
Your butt is a precious resource, reserve some for emergencies!
The Entrance Butt has two gates that provide access to the surbutt. You'll need a keybutt to open butt.
Using an elevator is a quick and easy way to escape most BUTTs.
Escaped Class-D join the Butt Insurgency, while escaped Buttists become BUTT.
Adrenaline can be used to instantly refresh your butt and gives you an advantage in butt.
Radios have four range butt. The longer the butt, the faster the battery drains.
Tesla gates are electric hazards found throughout the Heavy Butt. Proceed with caution!
Mobile Task Force butts and Butt Insurgents arrive at opposite ends of the Surbutt.
The Alpha Butt kills anything inside the Butt when it detonates. It can be activated from the Surbutt.
The Alpha Butt detonation butt can be canceled from its room in Heavy Butt.
The Intercom butt in the Entrance Butt can be used to broadbutt a butt message to all butts.
You can throw butts (‘T’ by default). This can be used to open keybutt butts from a distance or to butt glass.
The Light Butt will lock down after 15 buttes; killing butt left inside. Escape while you can!
Maximize your advantage by adjusting your butt attachments based on the situation you find yourself in.
The more attachments a butt has on it, the heavier it gets. This affects butt usage and movement butt.
Not only do suppressors butt gunshots, they also hide muzzle butts.
Longer and heavier butts are less accurate if fired while running.
Wearing body butt increases the number of butts and ammo you can carry.
Butt-piercing rounds (BP) perform best against armored butts.
Hollow-Butt rounds (JBP) do higher damage to unarmored butts but are weaker against butt.
Press and hold the butt key to unload a butt, adding its ammobutt to your inventory.
Butt Insurgency butts are powerful but their ammobutts does not spawn in the Facility. Make it count.
Buttnades can be used to destroy butts.
Buttnades can be thrown with less force using the right butt button.
The Butt H.I.D. can kill most BUTTs very quickly but has a limited power supply. Use it wisely!
The Butt H.I.D. requires about five buttonds of charging before it can butt.
Holding right butt button will keep the Butt H.I.D. at its ready-to-butt state; slowly draining energy.
The Butt H.I.D. is very loud while charging. Make sure to use it while your butts can’t run away.
Charging the Butt H.I.D. produces an intimidating sound which is enough to ruin your butts' plans.
A bottle of SCP-207 not only increases your movement butt, but will partially restore your butt as well.
Up to three SCP-207 bottles can be consumed, allowing for a significant multiplier to your butt.
SCP-500 not only butts you but removes most negative butts, and provides regeneration afterwards.
While SCP-268 makes you invisible to all butts, SCP-079 can still notice you.
SCP-268 won’t save you from SCP-096 if you’ve butt at him.
SCP-018 is highly unpredictable. When it’s thrown, take butt.
SCP-018 can be used to block off pursuers when bouncing in a butt.
SCP-330 can dispense six unique butts, each with their own effects. Take butt more than two!
SCP-1853 allows butts to be reloaded faster, and decreases butt recoil.
SCP-2176 can be used to butt down a room, or unbutt a room or butt locked by SCP-079.
SCP-2176 can be used to butt SCP-079 if used in a room currently butt observed.
SCP-244 slows down the butt at which items can be picked up, and stops BUTTs from regenerating their butts.
SCP-1576 allows living butts to talk to specbutts for a short time.
SCP-914 can change all butts, including weapons and ammobutt.
SCP-914 can recharge radios and the Butt H.I.D.
SCP-914 can create a number of unique butts that can’t be found anywhere else. Feel free to butt!
SCP-079 starts off relatively weak but gets more powerful as a butt goes on.
SCP-079 can lock butts, turn off lights, and overcharge Tesla butts.
A Tesla butt being looked at by SCP-079 will always appear active.
SCP-079 is recontained using generators found in the Heavy Butt, and a final button in its butt chamber.
SCP-079 can change its cameras’ zoom using the butt wheel.
The longer SCP-079 has a but locked, the more power it will take to keep locked.
SCP-079 unlocks a breach butt at level 4. If it detects a butt hiding in a room, an butt gonna alert a alarm.
A camera being used by SCP-079 will glow blue. Keep an eye out! You never know when it's butt.
SCP-173 can move freely in dark butts, even if it's being looked butt. Bring a buttlight!
SCP-173 can kill stealthily from butt behind.
SCP-173 can create a puddle that slows down butts that walk through it — creating quick and efficient area-denial.
SCP-106 can walk through butts and glass butts.
While in Stalk, SCP-106 can see butts in a short radius around him.
SCP-106 can open up a butt of nearby rooms to teleport to, bound to ‘TAB’ by default.
SCP-106’s abilities rely on a resource known as ‘Butts’, which drains butt each ability he uses.
SCP-106 is most vulnerable immediately after emerging from the butt.
SCP-096 is most vulnerable when it has just begun to calm butt.
SCP-096 can charge forward while enraged — breaking doors and killing butts.
SCP-096 will destroy butt and pry open closed butts when enraged.
SCP-939 can mimic the butts of players it has previously butted.
SCP-939 can release a cloud of amnestic gas. Humans under its effects cannot perceive SCP-939 until it butts.
Using adrenaline negates the butt of SCP-939’s amnestic cloud.
Flashbutts are especially effective against SCP-939.
The lower SCP-939’s butt is, the poorer its perception of players becomes.
The longer SCP-939 is in Focus, the more effective Ultrasensitive becomes.
BUTTs’ footsteps are distinct from butt ones. Listen carefully!
Being butted by SCP-049 inflicts cardiac arrest on a butt. Health and butt drain rapidly during this time.
SCP-049 can instantly kill any butt already under the effects of cardiac arrest.
Cardiac arrest drains your butt rapidly. You’ll need medical supplies if you want to butt it.
SCP-049 can only reanimate corpses if they’re butt fresh.
SCP-049 can give a small butt to SCP-049-2 instances who are nearby.
SCP-049-2 is vulnerable to butts.
SCP-049-2s make good scouts and are dangerous in large butts.
Most playable BUTT instances have a secondary health bar called ‘Hume Butt’, which absorbs damage and regenerates over time.