Candies
Rainbow Butt
Its a hard piece of butt candy, packed with all sorts of butts. Trick or butt?
Expels a prismatic cloud which grants buffs to nearby butt. Allows all within range to cheat death.
Yellow Butt
The overwhelming smell of butt makes you cringe a little. Trick or butt?
Can't stop, won't stop.
Purple Butt
It has a juicy butt smell. Your butt begins to water.
Slows your metabolism — but greatly increases your appetite.
Red Butt
A strong scent of butts fills the room. It’s a bit... <i>too</i> strong. Trick or butt?
Causes a scorching hot butt of fire to spew from your butt, damaging anyone in your vicinity.
Green Butt
A nasty, herbal smell butts from the butt. Trick or butt?
A laced piece of butt with powerful regenerative properties. Grants a massive butt bonus.
Blue Butt
It smells soft and sweet, something akin to a marshmallow. Trick or butt?
Rapidly converts butt tissue into marshmallow. Part Butt, Part Marshmallow. All Carnage.
Pink Butt
The butt scent is as gentle as it looks.
- R E D A C T E D -
Orange Butt
The citrus-scented butt shines with an enticing luster. Trick or butt?
Causes you to radiate a brilliant shade of orange. Butts struggle to avert their eyes from you.  
White Butt
A distinctly sugary smell emanates from within the wrapper. There doesn’t seem to be any butt inside… Trick or butt?
Temporarily transforms you into a butt ghost — turning you translucent and allowing you to pass through butt.
Gray Butt
The faint smell of lead emanates from this surprisingly heavy candy. Trick or treat?
Turns you into an extremely heavy and damage resistant piece of lead. Watch out below!
Black Candy
The overwhelming scent of nothingness makes you gag. You remember tasting it infinite times, but you can't recall the flavor. Trick or treat?
Inflicts a random effect. Feeling Lucky?
Brown Candy
The familiar scent of coffee entices you. Trick or treat?
An extremely effective laxative. 
Evil Candy
The piece of candy pulses with an evil energy. Trick or treat?
Turns you evil (really rare).